Security: Add Aragon Network bug bounty program (Part 2) (#535)
aragon/aragon-wiki: docs/association/security/an_bug_bounty.md

In scope for the bug bounty are all the smart contract components of the Aragon Network. They can be found in the following repositories:

!!! abstract "**Aragon Court protocol** ([v1](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-court/tree/v1.0.0) and [future minor versions](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-court/releases))"
    Dispute resolution protocol.

    - Solidity code under the `contracts` directory:
        - Excluding `contracts/lib/os/` 
        - Excluding `contracts/test/`
        - Excluding `contracts/standards/`

> !!! abstract "**Aragon Court fundraising** ([v1](https://github.com/aragonone/court-presale/tree/v1.0.0) and [future minor versions](https://github.com/aragonone/court-presale/releases))"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! abstract "**Aragon Court pre-activation** ([v1](https://github.com/aragonone/court-presale/tree/v1.0.0) and [future minor versions](https://github.com/aragonone/court-presale/releases))"
```

>     Smart contracts for the Aragon Network fundraising process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Smart contracts for the Aragon Network pre-activation process
```

        - Excluding `contracts/test/`
        - Excluding `contracts/standards/`

!!! abstract "**Aragon Network fundraising** ([v1](https://github.com/aragonone/fundraising/tree/v1.0.0) and [future minor versions](https://github.com/aragonone/fundraising/releases))"

>     Smart contracts for the Aragon Network fundraising process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Smart contracts for the Aragon Network Juror (ANJ) token bonding curve
```

Reviewer: Modified slightly because it's not really a fundraising campaign, it's a token exchange using a bonding curve.
